all right friends survival slim case
military-spec protection for everyday
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 6 inch or 6 feet
drop test hard shell inside top silicon
outside whereas we have here in the back
they show a picture right here of the
different layers for this case looks
like it comes with a screen protector so
let's go ahead and open this already
peel off all the tape right here this is
a brand new case
all right we have more tape on the back
alright guys so here's a look at the
cakes
and to be honest with you it actually
looks a really really nice
I love love love this red color making a
nice contrast here with the black color
the whole black color is all rubberized
finish it feels super super nice in the
hand good grip so let's see what we have
here we have the power button right here
a microphone right here in the corner
Valley rocker access on the other side
of course at the bottom we have the
access to the S Pen and again love the
red color around right here a 3.0 USB
port also with the red accent or red
color microphone right there and there
are some three holes right here I'm
assuming this is for the speaker grille
on top of the case we have a big space
right here for as a matter of fact I do
have the is I mean the note 3 right here
so that will be the except for the 3.5
millimeter audio jack microphone and IR
blaster now of course are on the back of
the case we have access to the real
camera with the flash so let's see if we
can separate this and it looks like it's
all a rubber piece around a hard plastic
piece now I'm sure you guys wanna see
this insta on the phone right that's
what all right I'm sure you guys want to
see how this case it looks like on the
phone so as a matter of fact I do have
the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 right here
let's go ahead and install this case a
quick
so as you guys can see this is basically
a hard plastic piece with our roller
piece and the way works are basically
we're just gonna put a phone right here
inside Alyssa blocks plastic part
and now just pull the rubber around you
can start from the top or from the
bottom it doesn't matter
all right here it is that's how it looks
like guys as you guys can see we get
access right here to the front facing
camera proximity sensor earpiece at the
bottom of the case actually has a
built-in access to the home port on
recent applications and back again
here's the access to the volume rocker
on the side all the ports were the 3.5
millimeter jack microphone an IR blaster
on top real camera sitting inside of the
case protected
power button right there microphone
right here access to the s-pen as well
as a three points to your USB poor there
are three holes right here for the
speaker grille and another microphone
right there and of course you're gonna
get a nice protection here for your
screen there is a rubber piece that goes
all the way around the screen a nice
ad-lib right there so guys that's all I
have for now
as you guys can see looks a pretty nice
on the phone and again this is the
survivor slim for Samsung Galaxy Note 3
with the military specs
price on this case I believe it was $29
if I remember correctly but I'm gonna
add in the description for the video so
guys thanks so much for watching
subscribe for more videos share the
video to help others and we will see you
on the next one